Hello all dear friends with you and
positive and today i would like to show
the battle that took place on the streamer at Dzirt
give
I have ryko at seryoga and show him from
of my face because I have some
This is all the more requested
how I won the show that is and that's it
that's all we have, I see
drove a mass of 5 in general is a gang or
I chose why I never saw that
I was picked up immediately bought this one 105
run at all because in the hangar
and there was no equipment
just loaded 12 high-explosive shells and
immediately rushed into battle see what u have
shelling just 12 shells but why am I
I chose her because recharge
she quickly and as well on
crew up to 75 percent costs and therefore
recharging is not as fast as
I would like to but 17 seconds here and immediately
do we have a huge amount of them
moving first objects you see that
they took 9 mostly level 10 and here
just this in this show autodrome not
will steer guys if you take
some small artillery that is she
shoots faster she more accurately she faster
comes down that is and you can punch
high-level art even without any
problems you look the same on the example
gogo tiger see i sit on it
I throw projectile yes I hit him I do not know
broke through but most likely I would break
his fence
because we'll still go straight to my
pierce your forehead with your head and basically
should be enough
you see that penetrability is 75
millimeters and armor at fuel and artillery
not even all this one except
there is a new body qr cinnamon me there
general armor in the forehead is powerful but there are such
Something not met you see she until
rare in randomness and so you can play
on small arte
plus they have in 304 these which you
also swim just very fast here
see how I sit on object 212
he leaves the light I throw a shell
the trail and the 12 tooth center have been destroyed
already door or ninth level 1 6
level and that's how it happens why I
took this position look i became this
the corner on this map why i won't borrow
for example brilliant green as 61 because
to drill all these streets here
these are the ones who shoot in the city
from this position well and that's it for
this i became now i threw pav in but she
there was moving moving and got
cover only
that is, I covered it with more splashes
nothing came of it trying to 30 not
have time for the kind object and here's the whole
battle tactic is
especially the beginning of the battle how to inhabit more
Damaga in this show autodrome
I just stand behind the house
periodically see a Christmas tree arrives
very dangerous to flash us and me
you have to constantly push up to this
the little house that I have not killed here such here
affairs guys bye 23 bye and here me
starts to spit fv304 i understand that
need to change position because the tree
here constantly checks it constantly
highlights and I'm already moving out here for
for this house so that you would me
I did n't get any more now I see
that asses sticks out 51 not you here by the projectile
flies but still due to the fact that my
art rate of fire today than there
I can leave without problems
rechargeable enough
quickly artillery here here
come down we start fv304 but this is art
small very fast and very
rate of fire in the region of 10 11 seconds
Probably I don’t know exactly the recharge
remember but she has her flaw
what you need to come closer is not the whole
card she shoots and even on some
even half to lack that is
need to quickly move closer to
opponent to get up there like that
and she's so small and fast
her invisibility is good and possible
stand here I see the corpse is moving here in
impudent artillery from some kind of rolls it
and you're here flash drive gets arrogant I shoot
and she will drive off for an hour
and it will not get you can see it
on the stream, by the way, who has not seen the stream are
the drum you can see the links i
leave in the description of this stream but for now
We continue to watch what I did next and
score 86
look here here is an interesting point
a and max does not allow to turn 10 1 and
still the very last moment mx not
can punch 61 at that angle and he
turns around just picks it up I
trying to target but you don't get
here I shoot at random thought he
Malinka will drive off and it remains with me
5 charges
I already did two frags and see that
shows me that just 130 inflicted
damage but if you take into account that I killed
the object here is 12 complete seemingly without
the light fired him there and now plus
food play just finish mode
already bout 3 exam remains or
need to go to notice the grill here
let's slow down a bit to
I already used the first-aid kit
because I do not remember that he can not
something savage how open but love you
here I stand and think where to look
vulture in what direction hope neither
I'm already starting to worry here
little as it needs to be changed often
watched takin calmly me again
rolling back to get out of the light
further remains 2 61 objects until i
I know where and then because I see that he
glowed and it flashes sharply with
on my left I think we'll go
now here here
but he decides to drive around there with the left
parties
see what I'm doing now in this
moment
kills four arties nadamagil there 1300
something damage and remains one tree now
it will be taken away and all here is such a fight
friends
who was interested to learn from my
the parties look as if from my face
how i played this orthodromy here
please you
Well, and you were positive subscribe
put friends on channel
comment video join the group
VKontakte if you have not entered
and good luck in battle you win gold
on dozor stream toda erika and seryoga and
good luck to all